Adding top-level directory structure to CONTRIBUTING.md (#884)
google/dive: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Create a pull request for the updates.
1. Monitor PR builds; you might need to fix the GitHub workflows.
1. Ensure the commit is not squash merged so that git can find the subtree updates. This requires temporarily disabling the ["Require linear history" Branch Protection rule](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/managing-protected-branches/about-protected-branches#require-linear-history)

## Summary of repo structure

As a long-running project, Dive has significant amounts of legacy code and this is reflected in its directory structure.

### Top-level Directories

* **.github/**

>     * Configuration files related to [Dive's Github Actions](https://github.com/google/dive/actions) for nightly and presubmit automated testing

Reviewer: optional: the markdown syntax highlighter doesn't seem to like the apostrophe used for the hyperlink,. Not sure if it's worth rewording to avoid the issue

```suggestion
    * [Dive Github Actions](https://github.com/google/dive/actions) configuration files for nightly and presubmit automated testing
```

Author: Removed apostrophe

* **capture_service/**
    * Libraries related to the Android device and communication via `adb`
    * Also contains the main CLI tool `dive_client_cli`

>         * GFXR capture and replay

Reviewer: also pm4 capture

Author: oops not sure how I forgot that, thanks!

* **cli/**
    * CLI tool `divecli`
        * Parsing PM4 capture
* **cmake/**
    * Contains `.cmake` files used in the cmake building process
* **dive_core/**
    * Functionality to parse captures (GFXR, PM4) into in-memory representations (Command Hierarchies)
    * Also support for other data: GPU timing, metrics...
* **gfxr_dump_resources/**

>     * CLI tool `gfxr_dump_resources`

Reviewer: also technically a library (although gfxr_dump_resources is the only user)

        * Process a GFXR capture and produce a file suitable for use with GFXR `--dump-resources`
* **gfxr_ext/**
    * Library to extend the functionality of `third_party/gfxreconstruct` for use in Dive
    * Separated from the GFXR code to keep the process of updating the subtree simpler
* **gpu_time/**
    * Library for using Vulkan timestamps to time events on the GPU
* **host_cli/**
    * CLI tool `host_cli`
        * Block-level manipulation of GFXR captures

> * **layer/**

Reviewer: What's the difference between layer and runtime_layer?

Reviewer 2: runtime_layer is used for what-ifs. layers under this folder are for capturing.

>     * `libVkLayer_Dive.so` and `libXrApiLayer_dive.so` are Vulkan layers 

Reviewer 2: `libXrApiLayer_dive.so` is OpenXR layer. i guess you could say `...are Vulkan and OpenXR layers.`

>     * `libVkLayer_Dive.so` and `libXrApiLayer_dive.so` are Vulkan layers 

Reviewer: Despite the name it's also a GLES layer

        * Meant to be used on the device when running either GFXR replay APK or other Vulkan applications
        * To support features such as PM4 capture via freedreno's `libwrap.so`
* **lrz_validator/**

>     * Lightweight tool `lrz_validator` to validate the LowResolution Z Buffer data inside a PM4 capture

Reviewer: Nit: consistency with other CLI tools
```suggestion
* **lrz_validator/**
    * CLI tool `lrz_validator`
        * Validate the LowResolution Z Buffer data inside a PM4 capture
```

* **network/**
    * Library for socket communication between the host and the Android device
* **plugins/**

>     * Samples and placeholders related to Dive plugins (refer to the [README.md](https://github.com/google/dive/tree/main/plugins/README.md) for more details)

Reviewer: My understanding is that the intent is for all host-side Dive plugins to go here. I think that's worth mentioning here. It's just that currently we don't have any host-side plugins right now.

```suggestion
    * Dive UI plugins (refer to the [README.md](https://github.com/google/dive/tree/main/plugins/README.md) for more details)
```

* **prebuild/**
    * Contains prebuilt libraries to speed up the build process for host tools
        * `libarchive`
        * `zlib`
* **runtime_layer/**
    * `libVkLayer_rt_dive.so` is a Vulkan layer
        * Mainly for use on the device, though can be useful for debugging on the host
        * Intercepts Vulkan commands to alter them and support Runtime What-Ifs functionality
* **scripts/**
    * All scripts, user-facing and the ones used automatically during the build process
* **src/**
    * Newer Dive source code

> * **test/**

Reviewer 2: typo: name of the folder is `tests`

    * Golden files and other test data for the unit tests
* **third_party/**
    * Third-party submodules and subtrees used in Dive
* **trace_stats/**

>     * Library that extracts statistics from a PM4 capture for displaying in the UI

Reviewer: also a CLI tool

* **ui/**
    * Dive UI, built using `Qt` libraries

> ### Planned Structural Improvements

Reviewer: :+1: good idea to add this

Author: Anything you would add in this section?

Reviewer: I think what you have covers it

        * Parsing PM4 capture
* **cmake/**
    * Contains `.cmake` files used in the cmake building process
* **dive_core/**
    * Functionality to parse captures (GFXR, PM4) into in-memory representations (Command Hierarchies)
    * Also support for other data: GPU timing, metrics...
* **gfxr_dump_resources/**
    * CLI tool `gfxr_dump_resources` and library
        * Process a GFXR capture and produce a file suitable for use with GFXR `--dump-resources`
* **gfxr_ext/**
    * Library to extend the functionality of `third_party/gfxreconstruct` for use in Dive
    * Separated from the GFXR code to keep the process of updating the subtree simpler
* **gpu_time/**
    * Library for using Vulkan timestamps to time events on the GPU
* **host_cli/**
    * CLI tool `host_cli`
        * Block-level manipulation of GFXR captures
* **layer/**
    * `libVkLayer_Dive.so` is a Vulkan and GLES layer, and `libXrApiLayer_dive.so` is an OpenXR layer
        * Meant to be used on the device when running either GFXR replay APK or other Vulkan applications
        * To support features such as PM4 capture via freedreno's `libwrap.so`
* **lrz_validator/**
    * CLI tool `lrz_validator`

>         * Validate the LowResolution Z Buffer data inside a PM4 capture

Reviewer: Looks like the github diff viewer synax highlighting starts to fail around here. Though I don't know why.

Author: I think it's fixed now, it seemed to have been broken earlier up in the file with the indented code blocks

Author: Oh I messed up the numbering though, let me see if I can fix that...

Author: I'm now using the 8-space indent to create code blocks within an ordered list, I think this is a reasonable compromise that lets us keep the automatic numbering and the github syntax highlighting in the rest of the file. There's no more syntax highlighting in the code blocks but I think that's acceptable.
